We've finally succeeded.
Yeah.
It's not like the incomplete drug that
only took a day or two to recover from.
We started with preserving the effects
of the factors separated from Eri's body,
and it's taken a long time since then.
With this, we can completely
annihilate someone's Quirk.
However, it will take
too much time and money.
It's taking a month to
make enough for five bullets.
It's because we're doing this
ourselves in these awful facilities.
"Waste"
We will arrange for a
more suitable environment.
Now's our chance, with All For One gone.
We don't have time to dawdle.
"Villain - Himiko Toga - Quirk: Transform"
I didn't have a choice.
I was ordered to come here.
I'm Toga.
Long time no see, birdman.
"Villain - Twice - Quirk: Double"
I will never forgive you.
I look forward to working with you.
Keep it up.
The League of Villains?
This is great. Let's fight!
I'll kill you.
No way.
Sorry about Magne.
I didn't want to kill him, either.
You mean her.
Please don't make that mistake again.
"Villain - Overhaul - Quirk: Overhaul"
Well, I understand why you'd hold a grudge,
but now that we're working together,
I want you to assist us
in carrying out the plan.
Bastard...
You acted like you were just keeping up
appearances when we first met, too!
So, what should I do?
Just follow my instructions
like everyone else in the Hassaikai.
In order for me to give you instructions,
first, tell me the details of your Quirks.
If anything happens, I'd like to
make it easier for you to work with us.
I'll tell you when it becomes
necessary if anything happens.
Because I don't like you people yet.
You should just tell us.
Don't underestimate us yakuza!
"Villain - Mimic - Quirk: Mimicry"
Aw, man, this is no good. It's no good!
It's unacceptable! Nasty. I'm not telling!
What is your Quirk?
"The explanation"
I can make doubles of anything.
In order to make it work,
I need a precise image.
For a person, that'd mean their height,
chest measurement, and shoe size--
a lot of data.
I need to look carefully and measure carefully.
Only then can I make one thing into two.
The only difference between
the doubles and the real thing is durability.
They'll crumble away after receiving
a certain amount of damage.
I can make doubles of up
to two things at a time.
The durability of the
second object will be even lower.
Also, for personal reasons,
I will not make more of myself!
Huh? Why...? No, this isn't the usual me!
It's like I'm dumb.
That's not it, Toga! This was--
What about you?
If I drink someone's blood,
I can turn into them.
"Transformation Time"
The amount I have turns into energy,
so the time I can stay transformed
is proportional to the amount I ingest.
One cup lets me transform for about a day.
'1 Day"
If I drink a lot of different
people's blood at once,
then I can turn into each of them.
My clothes transform with me.
They overlap with whatever clothes
I'm wearing, though,
so I have to get naked first,
and it's embarrassing.
See?
Tell me one more thing.
Did you hear anything
from Shigaraki about a betrayal?
--No!
--Nope.
Okay, then.
We'll accept you as
members of the Hassaikai now.
But we can't let wanted criminals
like you roam about freely.
If you don't have any instructions, please
do not leave these underground facilities.
What, are we under house arrest?
Aw, I wanna be free!
Once I can trust you a little more,
I can let you do what you want.
It's up to you guys.
That means you can't
keep up that attitude forever.
If you get it, then do what we say, brats.
We're yakuza. Don't underestimate us!
"Villain - Hekiji Tengai - Quirk: Barrier"
"Villain - Kendo Rappa - Quirk: Power Shoulder"
We'll take control of society
once again from the shadows!
"Villain - Yu Hojo - Quirk: Crystallize"
"Villain - Toya Setsuno - Quirk: Larceny"
"Villain - Soramitsu Tabe - Quirk: Food"
The restoration of the yakuza!
Making the longstanding desire of the boss,
who's in his sickbed, come true!
You can be part of a good thing here!
Be grateful, you bastards!
I will not forgive those who make fools of us!
"Crush them all to death"
Crush them all to death!
Wimpy guys are the most short-tempered.
If you get mad,
your warnings become half-hearted.
We don't have the power...
...so we'll leave it to you heroes
to get rid of them. You're good at that.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
That yell! You heard it, right?
Something big moved with that strange voice!
So that voice belongs to Irinaka?
Where's it coming from...?
The sound's echoing too much to tell!
Hey, this is bad! We'll be crushed!
Wimpy guys always want
to hide how weak they are.
They want to make themselves look strong,
so they look down on others from above.
Organized crime guys...
They're lame, huh?
One For All...
...Full Cowling!
Smash...!
M-My Quirk...!
Sorry, yakuza!
I think we'll do what we want after all.
Bye!
The League of Villains?!
Bastards!
Catch him!
The League betrayed him...?
"Pro Hero - Sir Nighteye - Quirk: Foresight"
It looks like we've been used.
But that put an end to the maze.
Eri... Togata...
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
Excuse me...
But can I ask you some questions...?
You shouldn't have been
able to get here so fast.
I took a shortcut...
I'm here to rescue that girl.
Now that you know the situation,
you're putting on your hero mask, huh?
Mr. Student.
Right! We're still new, so we're pretty nervous.
Back then, you were pretending
not to see, weren't you?
This girl doesn't want you to rescue her.
"Eri"
To her, you're not a hero.
That's why I'm here.
I'm not getting through to you.
Let me make this simpler.
I'm telling you to die.
Wh-What?!
My sense of equilibrium...
Are you shloshed?
Your legsh look sshaky...
Mine're too...
Thash why I'm walkin' up 'ere...
Don't get closh t' me...
--You'll catcsh my drunkenesh...
--Is it this guy's Quirk?
--Eri's right over there...
I can't let a guy like this take me down!
What's your Quirk?
Permeation. When activated,
I can slip through anything!
I didn't mean to say that!
I was wondering where you sprung up from.
I see. That's why you could get
through Mimic and the others.
You misshed? What're you, drunk?
That would be you.
Me?
You should just be quiet
and support the extraordinary me.
"Shin Nemoto - Quirk: Confession"
From the Eight Bullets of
the Hassai Group, Shin Nemoto!
Quirk: Confession!
He can force people to tell
the truth if he asks them a question.
Occasionally, he can even drag out truths
the person talking doesn't know about!
"Deidoro Sakaki - Quirk: Sloshed"
Also from the Eight Bullets of
the Hassai Group, Deidoro Sakaki!
Quirk: Sloshed!
He makes those around him
lose their sense of equilibrium.
I see. You forced me to talk, huh?
But you're not the type
to stand in the front lines.
Hence, I am different from
the other dispensable pawns.
In the Hassai Group, I'm the only one
who's been allowed to get
close to the young boss' ambition.
How can it be called ambition
if he's using his own daughter?!
Hm?
Oh, in order for things to proceed smoothly,
emotions are unnecessary.
I'm sure that's something you understand well.
When you first encountered Eri,
you let it go once because of that, right?
That's right.
And then you probably guessed
what our plan was and regretted it.
Rescue Eri?
You just want to use her as a cover
to make yourself feel better, right?
His body is already swaying.
All that's left is his heart.
Hearts are the same as brains.
Just shake it up a little,
and he'll stop in his tracks.
I live for the young boss' ambition!
He needs me!
I must follow him!
We'll walk together!
We'll share the joy when it's realized!
--Now!
Die, nuisance!
Ultimate move...
...Phantom Threat!
"Phantom Threat!!"
That's right...
I'm weak...
I knew that I was being made to carry
the burden of some repulsive karma.
I spoke and acted cruelly in front of that girl.
Even so, rather than see us get hurt,
she chose to return to that hell!
Such a kind girl--
That's why I chased after her.
And why I'm here now!
No way! How can you still move?
I get a taste of something much
worse than intoxication all the time!
Even if you discover a truth
about yourself you didn't know...
I won't waver!
For that girl to keep not being able to smile...
I definitely...
...can't allow that!
Power...!
Chisaki...!
Why...?
You can't be here...
He'll kill you!
I will never make you sad anymore.
It's fine!
I will become your hero!
"Lemillion"
"Mirio Togata"
"Quirk: Permeation"
"His body can pass through anything. When he uses it, even his breaths pass through him."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Course 3rd Year"
"Birthday: 7-15"
"Height: 181 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Ramen, Comedy"
I will become your hero!
How filthy...
Come back, Eri.
Killed?
How many times do I have to tell you?
You break people.
That's how you were born.
No... You shouldn't...
You don't have to listen to him.
Aren't I always telling you?
I have to get my hands dirty
because of your selfishness.
Each and every action you take kills people.
You're cursed.
How can you say that to your own child?!
Huh? Oh, I see. That's the story I told you...
I don't have any children.
Chisaki's Quirk is Overhaul.
His power lets him
disassemble and restore things.
This isn't just restoring...
What amazing speed!
That was close!
But this guy...
He didn't care that she was here.
Yeah, it wouldn't have been
an impediment even if she broke.
If I put her back right away, I can revive her.
Even if she didn't keep her shape,
I could put her back the way she was.
She should already know that firsthand.
What'll you do if Eri gets injured?
Under these conditions,
I'm the only one who can heal her.
I've sealed off your escape.
You won't be able to run away
using Permeation if you're holding Eri.
Are you going to fight me? Mr. Student.
I thought I knocked him out,
but was my center off?
Is that drunk's Quirk still in effect?
Blockhead, aim for the arm carrying Eri.
I didn't think he'd be
using his Quirk so precisely.
He must have trained very hard.
Break the spikes to eliminate his screen.
If he's shooting with his gun,
then the spikes won't come!
Sorry about this.
I can't see his face,
but based on what he's doing,
I'd say it's the assistant
to the young head, Kurono.
I definitely don't want to be on the
receiving end of the Quirk he had listed!
He hid his body to make me miss!
I thought a hero's cape
was just them trying to look cool.
Chrono!
Sorry, Overhaul!
He's strong.
But he put Eri down!
If I break that,
then he won't be able to resist!
That's the kind of guy you are, right?
A hero puts on his cape
so he can use it to wrap up a
hurting girl who's suffering and in pain!
Look carefully at your opponent!
Predict his next move!
Chisaki!
He's so agile, it'd hard
to believe he's merely a yakuza!
You're strong.
But...
...I'm...
...stronger!
I will never make you sad anymore.
I will become your hero!
I won't let you lay another finger on her!
I'll take you both down at once!
You've lost, Chisaki!
Don't use my name so casually.
I've already...
...thrown that name away!
Boy...
If you have nowhere else to go, come with me.
What's your name? Can you talk?
Chisaki... Kai Chisaki...
The Todo gang just got disbanded.
We just keep getting more
and more restricted.
At this rate, it's only a matter of time for us.
We need to be more innovative.
What about the plan I told you
about before. Have you given--
You're still saying that even after
getting shut down so many times?
If you turn away from the path of a human,
that's the end of your chivalry, Chisaki.
No one's going to follow
a demon with no heart.
Master!
Wh--? I thought I knocked him out completely!
Nemoto! Shoot!
Join me.
It'll be reassuring to have you with me.
Those were his true feelings.
Master needs me.
I must give my life...
...and walk by his side.
Where should I shoot?
At the one who uses Permeation!
I only have one bullet!
How can I keep him from using his Quirk...?
For that girl to keep not
being able to smile...
I definitely...
...can't allow that!
Those were his true feelings!
You bore it like that this whole time, right?
Thinking you had no choice
but to accept the despair...
That help would never come...
She should already know that firsthand.
I won't make you sad anymore.
I won't...
...let you suffer anymore!
I'll become a hero and save people, too!
Mirio.
With our Quirks, if you take one
wrong step, you could be split in two.
What?!
It's a really hard Quirk to use.
That's why I gave up on being a hero.
Knowing that, do you still want to be a hero?
I'll do my best!
Then, I'll support you with everything I've got!
"Cape"
"The Mistake"
Do your best, Mirio.
Do your best.
The diseased...
...have been given Quirks,
and that lets them dream.
Thinking you can actually become something
--is an illness of the mind.
--M-Master... I did it...
It's funny!
With the power of that girl
you've come here to save,
everything you've worked to cultivate...
...has now gone to waste!
Look carefully at your opponent!
Predict his next move!
Everything I've done up
until now has not gone to waste!
I'm still Lemillion!
I can't believe it.
Sakaki's Quirk should still be in effect.
He should've lost his Quirk
that made him seem invincible.
He should have the shackles
of not being able to hurt Eri!
What...
What is he?!
I'll do my best!
I'll become a hero and save people!
Did you want to become a hero that badly?
To save Eri that badly, Lemillion?
It's all a filthy disease of our time.
I'll fix guys like you.
With Eri's power.
Nighteye...
Tamaki...
Everyone!
--Chisaki!
--I thought I told you I threw that name away!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Togata protected Eri until the end.
No matter how much they hurt him...
No matter that they took away his Quirk...
Now, it's my turn.
But Chisaki is furious that
Eri has been taken from him
and unleashes his Quirk,
switching to counterattacking.
Next time, "Unforeseen Hope."
Nighteye said he can't see the future...
Eri and my futures are...!
"Next time: Unforeseen Hope"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!